If you also feed
Bought yesterday
I think that I would like to go to the inspection area of junk product aspirations
Shooting it is here is the keyboard's the amendment that was left
I would like to use it quickly
I thought I would like to be a pervert who passes to try to drink
Yes
Yes, I used to
This person hope is likely to be usable It is thought that only this is received enough
I will
Cage you confused with two eyes
There cine
That we can smartphone usb
It is a horizontal writing to the question which I wrote in k part, I would like to use this one
I would like to use here tablet without too much smartphone of their own
Garlic
Connected
pk has been a star for a long time , so let's make a note with this person as well as before
I would like
Yes a little late life could be used normally
I think this is the incentive that it is fairly Breakfast Coffee
8 The third one is more
Resignation
I think that it is all right without any problems
8 Then next is this
It is t slide eh
I could not say
I would like to try as well but I'm also likely to move feeling a little
Four
I am
Putsu
th
I received 8
In this way say though I was connected properly
Not react at all
I think I already no longer
Next is psp practical type
Well it made the penguins to do is you have entered putting
This resident is a single person
Oh
Yes I connected
I would like to know about it immediately
Has entered
Hit I think selfish
It was a bad dad
It is natural
Here is how to show
It means that this child does not have liquid crystal, but how is it?
me too
Here also I think I would lose in the piece copy Somehow I want to try
It is such a feeling in a moment
Today I tried to make some camping products come
I'd have won whether honest keyboard
I was not able to write at all the game can I lost completely
Nde I think the kana used to Well that various and end of the study like a feeling
I would like to the Journey to the West Well this video Thank you so watch the end of it
There was